README.md, before:

# Toad

A unified interface for AI in your terminal.

<table>

  <tbody>

  <tr>
    <td><img width="1338" height="1004" alt="Screenshot 2025-10-23 at 08 58 58" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/98387559-2e10-485a-8a7d-82cb00ed7622" /></td> 
    <td><img width="1338" height="1004" alt="Screenshot 2025-10-23 at 08 59 04" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d4231320-b678-47ba-99ce-02746ca2622b" /></td>    
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td><img width="1338" height="1004" alt="Screenshot 2025-10-23 at 08 59 22" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ddba550d-ff33-45ad-9f93-281187f5c974" /></td>
    <td><img width="1338" height="1004" alt="Screenshot 2025-10-23 at 08 59 37" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e7943272-39a5-40a1-bedf-e440002e1290" /></td>
  </tr>
    
  </tbody>

  
</table>

## Compatibility

Toad runs on Linux and macOS. Native Windows support is lacking, but Toad till run quite well with WSL.

Toad is a terminal application.
Any terminal will work, although if you are using the default terminal on macOS you will get a much reduced experience.
I recommend [Ghostty](https://ghostty.org/) which is fully featured and has amazing performance.


## Getting Started

The easiest way to install Toad is by pasting the following in to your terminal:

```bash
curl -fsSL batrachian.ai/install | bash
```

Python developers may prefer to install with the following (assumes you have [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) installed):

```bash
uvx install -U batrachian-toad
```

## Using Toad

Launch Toad with the following:

```bash
toad
```

You should see something line the following:

<img width="1266" height="994" alt="front-fs8" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8831f7de-5349-4b3f-9de9-d4565b513108" />

From this screen you will be able to find, install, and launch a coding agent.
If you already have an agent installed, you can skip the install step.
To launch an agent, select it and press space.

The footer will always display the most significant keys for the current context.
To see all the keys, summon the command palette for `ctrl+p` and search for "keys".

### Toad CLI

WHen running Toad, the current working directory is assumed to be your project directory.
To use another project directory, add the path.

```bash
toad ~/projects/my-awesome-app
```

If you want to skip the initial agent screen, add the `-a` switch with the name of your chosen agent.
For example:

```bash
toad -a open-hands
```

### Web server

You can also run Toad as a web application.

Run the following, and click the link in the terminal:

```bash
toad serve
```

![textual-serve](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1d861d48-d30b-44cd-972d-5986a01360bf)


I'm also in the #toad channel on the [Textualize discord server](https://discord.gg/Enf6Z3qhVr).

Commit message:

Revise README with new content and formatting
Updated README.md to include new features and installation instructions.

README.md, after:

# Toad

A unified interface for AI in your terminal.

Run coding agents seamlessly under a single beautiful terminal UI, thanks to the [ACP](https://agentclientprotocol.com/protocol/initialization) protocol.

<table>

  <tbody>

  <tr>
    <td><img width="1338" height="1004" alt="Screenshot 2025-10-23 at 08 58 58" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/98387559-2e10-485a-8a7d-82cb00ed7622" /></td> 
    <td><img width="1338" height="1004" alt="Screenshot 2025-10-23 at 08 59 04" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d4231320-b678-47ba-99ce-02746ca2622b" /></td>    
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td><img width="1338" height="1004" alt="Screenshot 2025-10-23 at 08 59 22" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ddba550d-ff33-45ad-9f93-281187f5c974" /></td>
    <td><img width="1338" height="1004" alt="Screenshot 2025-10-23 at 08 59 37" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e7943272-39a5-40a1-bedf-e440002e1290" /></td>
  </tr>
    
  </tbody>

  
</table>

## Compatibility

Toad runs on Linux and macOS. Native Windows support is lacking, but Toad till run quite well with WSL.

Toad is a terminal application.
Any terminal will work, although if you are using the default terminal on macOS you will get a much reduced experience.
I recommend [Ghostty](https://ghostty.org/) which is fully featured and has amazing performance.


## Getting Started

The easiest way to install Toad is by pasting the following in to your terminal:

```bash
curl -fsSL batrachian.ai/install | bash
```

Python developers may prefer to install with the following (assumes you have [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) installed):

```bash
uvx install -U batrachian-toad
```

## Using Toad

Launch Toad with the following:

```bash
toad
```

You should see something like this:

<img width="1266" height="994" alt="front-fs8" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8831f7de-5349-4b3f-9de9-d4565b513108" />

From this screen you will be able to find, install, and launch a coding agent.
If you already have an agent installed, you can skip the install step.
To launch an agent, select it and press space.

The footer will always display the most significant keys for the current context.
To see all the keys, summon the command palette with `ctrl+p` and search for "keys".

### Toad CLI

WHen running Toad, the current working directory is assumed to be your project directory.
To use another project directory, add the path to the command.
For example:

```bash
toad ~/projects/my-awesome-app
```

If you want to skip the initial agent screen, add the `-a` switch with the name of your chosen agent.
For example:

```bash
toad -a open-hands
```

To see all subcommands and switches, add the `--help` switch:

```bash
toad --help
```

### Web server

You can run Toad as a web application.

Run the following, and click the link in the terminal:

```bash
toad serve
```

![textual-serve](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1d861d48-d30b-44cd-972d-5986a01360bf)

## Toad development

Toad was built by [Will McGugan](https://github.com/willmcgugan) and is currently under active development.

To duscuss Toad, join the #toad channel on the [Textualize discord server](https://discord.gg/Enf6Z3qhVr).
